CU-3qveuku - doc - XCVM use cases - cross chain swap (#2317)
ComposableFi/composable: docs/docs/products/xcvm/use-cases/swap.mdx

# Cross-Chain Swap

:::tip

Developers should be interested to read [the XCVM

> specification.](https://github.com/ComposableFi/composable/blob/main/code/xcvm/SPEC.md)

Reviewer: Let's make this a permalink so it doesn't break

:::

Many different applications can be built upon XCVM. **One of which** is a
cross-chain swap program.

Traditionally, users and applications were trading tokens that were only
available on their native chain. If you were operating on a chain **X**, you
would only be able to **swap** tokens that were registered on **X** (be it
native, ERC20 virtualized or even virtualized and wrapped like WETH).

Tokens are already very complex. Users willing to move assets between chains are
facing an incredible difficulties. Not only bridging is hard, but also
insecure. In most cases, the bridges are centralized and hackable by design. We,
at Composable, try to push the blockchain vision forward, trustless from the start,
to the end.

:::note Single-Chain Swap

Decentralized exchanges are one of (if not the one) the most widely used DeFi
protocol in the blockchain ecosystem. It allows (through a contract) anyone to
atomically exchange a token **A** against a token **B** at a defined rate (such
as with the invariant `x * y = k`). This operation is executed atomically from
within a transaction and we call this action a **swap**.

:::

> In this example, we will execute a cross-chain swap on top of XCVM and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we will execute a cross-chain swap on through XCVM and
```
